docs - mention config file on api keys page (#56150)
metabase/metabase: docs/people-and-groups/api-keys.md

9. Click **Create**.
10. Copy the generated API key and save it somewhere safe. Metabase won't be able to show you the key again. If you lose the key, you'll need to regenerate a new key.

### Creating API keys from the config file

> If you're on a [paid plan](https://www.metabase.com/pricing/), you can [create API keys via the configuration file](../configuring-metabase/config-file#api-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're on a [Pro or Enterprise self-hosted plan](https://www.metabase.com/pricing/), you can [create API keys via the configuration file](../configuring-metabase/config-file#api-keys).
```
"paid" can also mean Starter
